- **Tire & Wheels:** Allows the aircraft to be maneuvered on the ground.
- **Tie-down:** Used to tie the aircraft down to prevent aircraft movement in high winds.
- **Propeller:** Generates thrust through the engine.
- **Pitot-Vain:** Used to measure ram air pressure for aircraft instrumentation.  
    
- **Static Port:** Used to measure ambient air pressure for aircraft instrumentation.  
    
- **Stall/Angle of Attack Sensor:** Provides an audible or visual indication to the pilot that the critical angle of attack is about to or has been exceeded.  
    
- **Aileron:** Allows the pilot to adjust aircraft roll.  
    
- **Flap:** Used to increase the amount of lift generated by the wing to allow the airplane to fly at slower airspeeds.  
    
- **Stabilator:** Allows the pilot to adjust aircraft pitch.  
    
- **Anti-Servo & Trim Tab:** Increases aircraft stability by assisting in the re-centering of controls.  
    
- **Rudder:** Allows the pilot to adjust aircraft yaw through use of the rudder pedals.  
    
- **V-Shaped Antenna:** VOR Antenna used for aircraft navigation.  
    
- **White Antennas:** COM antennas  
    
- **Black Antenna:** For the Emergency Location Transmitter  
    
- **Dome-shaped Antenna:** Antenna for the aircraft GPS system  
    
- **Beacon Light:** Switched on prior to engine start and kept on until after engine shutdown. Alerts surrounding individuals that the aircraft is operating.  
    
- **Strobe Lights:** High-intensity interval lights allowing the aircraft to easily be spotted.  
    
- **Nav Lights:** Colored lights that allow other pilots to determine the aircraft’s flight path.  
    
- **Bottom Antenna:** Used for automatic direction finder “ADF” navigation instrumentation.  
    
- **Shark Fin Antenna on Belly:** Used for the Transponder, a unit that allows the aircraft to share its position and certain attributes with air traffic control radar facilities.  
    
- **Vents:** Used to cool both the cabin and aircraft instrumentation
